This plug-in makes any DOM element editable as a textbox with a save button beneath it. A saveHandler can be specified that is fired when the Save button is clicked. You can press ESC while in the editable area to abort editing without firing the SaveHandler. <<div class="syntaxbox">>jQuery.fn.editable = function(options)<</div>><<h3>>Options<</h3>>The options parameter can be a map of any of these properties (default values are shown):<<code lang="JavaScript">>    var def = { editClass: null,        saveText: "Save",        editMode: "text",  // html        saveHandler: null,        value: null    };<</code>><<b>>editClass<</b>>The CSS class for the edited element. Optional. If not specified an Azure background is used.<<b>>saveText<</b>>The text of the save button. "Save" by default. The Save button also assigns an implicit class="editableButton" to allow you to override styling of the button.<<b>>editMode<</b>>Determines whether the text is read and written as plain text, or as HTML. HTML offers the ability for formatting that isn't stripped.<<b>>saveHandler<</b>>Event handler when the Save button is clicked.<<b>>value<</b>>The initial value that is to be edited. By default this will be the content (text or html) of the element edited but when value is specified it's overridden.<<b>>Named Parameter: cleanup<</b>>This named parameter option cleans up an editbox and save button and redisplays the original content. This is equivalent to pressing the ESC key and aborting the edited content.<<code lang="JavaScript">>$("#divContent").editable("cleanup");<</code>><<h3>>Example<</h3>><<code lang="JavaScript">>$("#divMessage").editable(            saveText: "Update Comment",           editClass: "contenteditable",  // css class for edited text		saveHandler: function(e) {                 // this is content element edited			alert( $(this).html() );  // or use .text()                  return true;   // true to stop editing, false to keep editing           });<</code>>